# Algo Expert Solutions

This repository contains solutions to various algorithmic problems from
platforms like AlgoExpert, Codewars, and Codility. It is organized by difficulty
level and problem type, providing a comprehensive resource for coding practice
and interview preparation.

Each solution is implemented in TypeScript, and the repository includes scripts
to run and test the solutions efficiently. The goal is to help users improve
their problem-solving skills and gain a deeper understanding of different
algorithms and data structures.

Feel free to explore the solutions, run the provided commands, and contribute by
adding your own solutions or improving existing ones.

## Frontend Expert and Systems Expert

In addition to algorithmic problems, this repository also includes solutions for
Frontend Expert and Systems Expert challenges. These sections cover a wide range
of topics, from building responsive web applications using modern frontend
frameworks to designing scalable and efficient system architectures.

Each solution is crafted to demonstrate best practices and provide insights into
solving complex real-world problems. Explore these sections to enhance your
frontend development skills and deepen your understanding of system design
principles.

Contributions are welcome to expand and improve the collection of solutions in
these areas.

## Running Tests with Vite

To run tests for the solutions in this repository, we use Vite, a fast and
modern build tool. Vite provides a smooth development experience with its
lightning-fast hot module replacement and optimized build process. To run the
tests, follow these steps:

1. Install the dependencies by running `npm install` or `yarn install`.
2. Use the command `vite test` to execute the test cases for the solutions.

This setup ensures that your tests run efficiently and you get immediate
feedback on your code changes.

## Archived Problems

This repository also contains a section for archived problems. These are older
problems and solutions that are no longer actively maintained. While they may
still provide valuable insights and learning opportunities, please be aware that
they might not follow the latest best practices or coding standards.
Contributions to update or improve these archived solutions are welcome.

### Run Commands

<!-- run using hot reload for ts solutions -->

`tsx watch easy-problems/sorted-squared-array.ts`
